some 101 a psalm of David I will sing of
mercy and justice to you O Lord I will
sing praises I will behave wisely in a
perfect way Oh when will you come to me
I know not within my house with a
perfect heart I will set nothing wicked
before my eyes I hate the work of those
who fall away
it shall not cling to me a perverse
heart shall depart from me I will not
know wickedness who ever secretly
slanders his neighbor him I will destroy
the one who has a haughty look and a
proud heart him I will not endure my
eyes shall be on the faithful on the
land that they may dwell with me he who
walks in a perfect way he shall serve me
he who works deceit shall not dwell
within my house he who tells lies shall
not continue in my presence early I will
destroy all the wicked of the land that
I may cut off all the evildoers from the
city of the Lord
you